doc/dev/cephadm: Define variables (#42209)
ceph/ceph: doc/dev/cephadm/developing-cephadm.rst

As a guideline, cephadm should do at most ``O(1)`` network calls in CLI handlers.
Everything else should be done asynchronously in other threads, like ``serve()``.

Note regarding different variables used in the code
===================================================

> * a ``service_type`` is something like mon, mgr, alertmanager etc defined 

Reviewer: how about using 

```rst
.. describe:: service_type

   something like mon, mgr, alertmanager etc defined in ``ServiceSpec``
```

which is rendered like items like "waiting_for_healthy" in https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/dev/ .

Author: tbh, I don't really care. this is just the developer documentation.

  in ``ServiceSpec``

> * a ``service_id`` is the name of the service. Some services don't have 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* a ``service_id`` is the name for an instance of a service. Services only allowed
one instance per cluster don't have a service id (e.g. mgr, mon, prometheus)
```
